Q1: Define Object Oriented Programming Language?
A: Object-oriented programming (OOP) refers to a type of computer programming (software design) in which programmers define the data type of a data structure, and also the types of operations (functions) that can be applied to the data structure.

In this way, the data structure becomes an object that includes both data and functions. In addition, programmers can create relationships between one object and another. For example, objects can inherit characteristics from other objects.



Q2: List down the Benefits of OOP?
A: 
1) It provides a clear modular structure for programs which makes it good for defining abstract datatypes in which implementation details are hidden.

2) Objects can also be reused within an across applications. The reuse of software also lowers the cost of development. More effort is put into the object-oriented analysis and design, which lowers the overall cost of development.
3) It makes software easier to maintain. Since the design is modular, part of the system can be updated in case of issues without a need to make large-scale changes.

Reuse also enables faster development. Object-oriented programming languages come with rich libraries of objects, and code developed during projects is also reusable in future projects.

4) It provides a good framework for code libraries where the supplied software components can be easily adapted and modified by the programmer. This is particularly useful for developing graphical user interfaces.
Better Productivity as OOP techniques enforce rules on a programmer that, in the long run, help her get more work done; finished programs work better, have more features and are easier to read and maintain. OOP programmers take new and existing software objects and "stitch" them together to make new programs. Because object libraries contain many useful functions, software developers don't have to reinvent the wheel as often; more of their time goes into making the new program.


Q3: Differentiate between function and method?
A: DIFFERENCE BETWEEN FUNCTION AND METHOD:

FUNCTION:

>Function is block of code that is also called by its name. (independent)
>The function can have different parameters or may not have any at all. If any data (parameters) are passed, they are passed explicitly.
>It may or may not return any data.
>Function does not deal with Class and its instance concept.

METHOD:

>Method is called by its name, but it is associated to an object (dependent).
>A method is implicitly passed the object on which it is invoked.
>It may or may not return any data.
>A method can operate on the data (instance variables) that is contained by the corresponding class.



Q4: Define the following terms:
1. Class
2. Object
3. Attribute
4. Behavior

A: Following are the terms:

1. CLASS:
         A class is a code template for creating objects. Objects have member variables and have behaviour associated with them. In python a class is created by the keyword class.

An object is created using the constructor of the class. This object will then be called the instance of the class. In Python we create instances in the following manner 

2. OBJECT:
          Python is an object oriented programming language. Unlike procedure oriented programming, where the main emphasis is on functions, object oriented programming stress on objects. Object is simply a collection of data (variables) and methods (functions) that act on those data. And, class is a blueprint for the object.
          
3. ATTRIBUTE:
             The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet. However, it can also be used by a JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to make changes to HTML elements with a specified class.
             
4. BEHAVIOUR:
             Behaviour provides a language suitable for Behaviour Driven Development (BDD), as opposed to post-coding unit testing. It operates as a facade over Python’s unit testing framework.
             
             
Q5: Write a code in python in which create a class named it Car which have 5 attributes such like (model, color and name etc.) and 3
methods. And create 5 object instance from that class.

A:  
    
import datetime # we will use this for date objects

class Car:

    def __init__(self, make, name, model, colour, headlight):
        self.make = make
        self.name = name
        self.model = model
        self.colour = colour
        self.headlight = headlight

    # create class methods
    def start(self):
        print ("Engine started")

    def go(self):
        print ("Car is ready to go...")   
        
    def stop(self):
        print ("Engine switched off")

car = Car(
      "Corrolla"
      ,"F-56"
      ,2010
      ,"Blue"
      ,"Yellow"
)

print(car.make)
print(car.name)
print(car.model)
print(car.colour)
print(car.headlight)

Output:
Corrolla
F-56
2010
Blue
Yellow